README.md, before:

# vpt_denoise

Code highlighting how to use the application [CloudRenderer](https://github.com/chrismile/CloudRendering) to generate
volumetric path tracing images in Python. This can be used for implementing deep learning image denoisers, e.g.,
using the Python interface of PyTorch.

For more details, please refer to: https://github.com/chrismile/CloudRendering#pytorch-module-work-in-progress

Please use `-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<path>` to install the Python module in the top level repository directory.

### Installation instructions

(1) Install Miniconda (a Python package manager): https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/

(2) Create a new environment with conda.

(3a) Windows: Install PyTorch (https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/), e.g.:
```shell
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio pytorch-cuda=12.1 -c pytorch -c nvidia
```

(3b) Linux: Build PyTorch manually (see https://github.com/chrismile/CloudRendering#pytorch-module-work-in-progress).
The PyTorch packages provided via conda and pip do not use the CXX11 ABI of GCC, and thus do not work.

(4) Install the corresponding version of the CUDA SDK (e.g., 12.1 for the current version of PyTorch).

(5) Clone (and optionally fork) the code in this repo: https://github.com/chrismile/vpt_denoise

(6a)  Windows: Edit the `build.bat` script, and add to the cmake arguments when the CloudRenderer build is configured
(please adapt the paths to where conda/the Python code lie):
```
-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=~/miniconda3/envs/vpt/lib/python3.10/site-packages/torch/share/cmake -DBUILD_PYTORCH_MODULE=On -DSUPPORT_PYTORCH_DENOISER=On -DBUILD_KPN_MODULE=On -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=~/Programming/DL/vpt_denoise
```
Additionally, `cmake --build .build --target install` needs to be added to install the module after building the application.

(6b) Linux: Call `build.sh` as follows:
```shell
./build.sh --use-pytorch --install-dir /path/to/vpt_denoise
```

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect updated PyTorch support.

README.md, after:

# vpt_denoise

Code highlighting how to use the application [CloudRenderer](https://github.com/chrismile/CloudRendering) to generate
volumetric path tracing images in Python. This can be used for implementing deep learning image denoisers, e.g.,
using the Python interface of PyTorch.

For more details, please refer to: https://github.com/chrismile/CloudRendering#pytorch-module

Please use `-DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<path>` or the `build.sh` script (see below) to install the Python module in the top
level directory of this repository.

### Installation instructions

(1) Install Miniconda (a Python package manager): https://docs.conda.io/projects/miniconda/en/latest/

(2) Create a new environment with conda.

(3) Install PyTorch (https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/), e.g.:
```shell
conda install pytorch torchvision torchaudio pytorch-cuda=12.1 -c pytorch -c nvidia
```

(4) Install the corresponding version of the CUDA SDK (e.g., 12.1 for the current version of PyTorch).

NOTE: If the C++ compiler of your distribution does not support the CUDA version of the latest pre-compiled PyTorch version,
please try building PyTorch manually from source (https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch#from-source).

(5) Clone (and optionally fork) the code in this repo: https://github.com/chrismile/vpt_denoise

(6a) Linux: Call `build.sh` as follows:
```shell
./build.sh --use-pytorch --install-dir /path/to/vpt_denoise
```

(6b)  Windows: Edit the `build.bat` script, and add to the cmake arguments when the CloudRenderer build is configured
(please adapt the paths to where conda/the Python code lie):
```
-DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=~/miniconda3/envs/vpt/lib/python3.10/site-packages/torch/share/cmake -DBUILD_PYTORCH_MODULE=On -DSUPPORT_PYTORCH_DENOISER=On -DBUILD_KPN_MODULE=On -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=~/Programming/DL/vpt_denoise
```
Additionally, `cmake --build .build --target install` needs to be added to install the module after building the application.
